# 5. Troubleshooting

## Plugin is not being detected

For the plugin to be detected after install, make sure to restart the NX Server. This can be done through the NX Server web interface.&#x20;

Navigate to "\<Server IP Address>:7001" in your web browser. Go to the **Servers** tab, and click the restart button.

## Nx AI Manager is not running

The Nx AI Manager plugin sends video frames to the AI Manager runtime, which analyses the input data and returns this analysis. If the Nx AI Manager is not running on the device, then no analysis will be done. To ensure the Edge AI Manager is running, first:

1. **Make sure the Edge AI Manager is installed.** The installation scripts in this guide should detect if the Edge AI Manager has been installed on the device, and if not, they should prompt if the Edge AI Manager should be been installed. If this process was interrupted or 'no' was selected, the Edge AI Manager can be installed by running the one-line install separately.
2. **The UI Provider is running.** The UI Provider is the application which provides the Web UI through which you can configure the Edge AI Manager runtime. This Web UI can be accessed at [http://\<Device IP>:8081/](http://localhost:8081/#details) . If this web page cannot be reached, it's possible that the UI Provider is not running, since the option to auto start was not selected during installation. The UI Provider can be started by executing `sudo /opt/sclbl/etc/init start` on the device.
3. **The model is running.** The Edge AI Manager should be in running state before any metadata will be sent to Network Optix. It can be started through the UI.
